Update the descriptions of the variable "tidb_scatter_region" (#19493)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): No
- Type: Enumeration
- Default value: `""`
- Possible values: `""`, `table`, `global`

> - When the `SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS` and `PRE_SPLIT_REGIONS` parameters are set during table creation, the system automatically splits the table into a specified number of Regions upon successful creation. This variable controls the scattering strategy for these split Regions. TiDB processes the Regions based on the selected scattering strategy. It is important to note that since the table creation operation waits for the scattering process to complete before returning a success status, enabling this variable may significantly increase the execution time of the `CREATE TABLE` statement. Compared to the scenario where this variable is disabled, the execution time could be several times longer. Descriptions of possible values are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When the `SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS` and `PRE_SPLIT_REGIONS` parameters are set during table creation, the system automatically splits the table into a specified number of Regions upon successful creation. This variable controls the scattering strategy for these split Regions. TiDB processes the Regions based on the selected scattering strategy. It is important to note that because the table creation operation waits for the scattering process to complete before returning a success status, enabling this variable might significantly increase the execution time of the `CREATE TABLE` statement. Compared to the scenario where this variable is disabled, the execution time could be several times longer. Descriptions of possible values are as follows:
```

> - When the `SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS` and `PRE_SPLIT_REGIONS` parameters are set during table creation, the system automatically splits the table into a specified number of Regions upon successful creation. This variable controls the scattering strategy for these split Regions. TiDB processes the Regions based on the selected scattering strategy. It is important to note that because the table creation operation waits for the scattering process to complete before returning a success status, enabling this variable might significantly increase the execution time of the `CREATE TABLE` statement. Compared to the scenario where this variable is disabled, the execution time could be several times longer. Descriptions of possible values are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the `SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS` and `PRE_SPLIT_REGIONS` parameters are set during table creation, then the system automatically splits the table into a specified number of Regions upon successful creation. This variable controls the scattering strategy for these split Regions. TiDB processes the Regions based on the selected scattering strategy. It is important to note that because the table creation operation waits for the scattering process to complete before returning a success status, enabling this variable might significantly increase the execution time of the `CREATE TABLE` statement. Compared to the scenario where this variable is disabled, the execution time could be several times longer. Descriptions of possible values are as follows:
```

>     - `""`: the default value; indicates that the Regions of the table are not scattered after table creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `""`: the default value, indicating that the Regions of the table are not scattered after table creation.
```

>     - `""`: the default value; indicating that the Regions of the table will not be scattered after table creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `""`: the default value; indicates that the Regions of the table are not scattered after table creation.
```

>     - `table`: indicates that if you set the `PRE_SPLIT_REGIONS` or `SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS` attribute when you create a table, in the scenario of pre-splitting multiple Regions, the Regions of these tables will be scattered according to the granularity of the tables. However, if you do not set the preceding attribute when you create a table, in the scenario of creating a large number of tables rapidly, it will cause the Regions of these tables to be concentrated on a few TiKV nodes, resulting in an uneven distribution of Regions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `table`: indicates that if you set the `PRE_SPLIT_REGIONS` or `SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS` attribute when you create a table, in the scenario of pre-splitting multiple Regions, the Regions of these tables are scattered according to the granularity of the tables. However, if you do not set the preceding attribute when you create a table, in the scenario of creating a large number of tables rapidly, it will cause the Regions of these tables to be concentrated on a few TiKV nodes, resulting in an uneven distribution of Regions.
```

- Type: Enumeration
- Default value: `""`

> - Possible values: `""`, `TABLE`, `GLOBAL`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Possible values: `""`, `table`, `global`
```

> - When the SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS and PRE_SPLIT_REGIONS parameters are set during table creation, the system automatically splits the table into a specified number of Regions upon successful creation. For these Regions, this variable is used to control the scattering strategy after their splitting. TiDB processes the Regions based on the selected scattering strategy.It is important to note that since the table creation operation waits for the scattering process to complete before returning a success status, enabling this variable may significantly increase the execution time of the CREATE TABLE statement. Compared to the scenario where this variable is disabled, the execution time could be several times longer. Possible value descriptions are as follows:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- When the SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS and PRE_SPLIT_REGIONS parameters are set during table creation, the system automatically splits the table into a specified number of Regions upon successful creation. For these Regions, this variable is used to control the scattering strategy after their splitting. TiDB processes the Regions based on the selected scattering strategy. It is important to note that since the table creation operation waits for the scattering process to complete before returning a success status, enabling this variable may significantly increase the execution time of the CREATE TABLE statement. Compared to the scenario where this variable is disabled, the execution time could be several times longer. Possible value descriptions are as follows:
```

> - When the SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS and PRE_SPLIT_REGIONS parameters are set during table creation, the system automatically splits the table into a specified number of Regions upon successful creation. For these Regions, this variable is used to control the scattering strategy after their splitting. TiDB processes the Regions based on the selected scattering strategy. It is important to note that since the table creation operation waits for the scattering process to complete before returning a success status, enabling this variable may significantly increase the execution time of the CREATE TABLE statement. Compared to the scenario where this variable is disabled, the execution time could be several times longer. Possible value descriptions are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When the `SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS` and `PRE_SPLIT_REGIONS` parameters are set during table creation, the system automatically splits the table into a specified number of Regions upon successful creation. This variable controls the scattering strategy for these split Regions. TiDB processes the Regions based on the selected scattering strategy. It is important to note that since the table creation operation waits for the scattering process to complete before returning a success status, enabling this variable may significantly increase the execution time of the `CREATE TABLE` statement. Compared to the scenario where this variable is disabled, the execution time could be several times longer. Descriptions of possible values are as follows:
```

>     - `""`: the default value; indicating that the Regions of the table will not be scattered after creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `""`: the default value; indicating that the Regions of the table will not be scattered after table creation.
```

> - When the `SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS` and `PRE_SPLIT_REGIONS` parameters are set during table creation, the system automatically splits the table into a specified number of Regions upon successful creation. This variable controls the scattering strategy for these split Regions. TiDB processes the Regions based on the selected scattering strategy. It is important to note that since the table creation operation waits for the scattering process to complete before returning a success status, enabling this variable may significantly increase the execution time of the `CREATE TABLE` statement. Compared to the scenario where this variable is disabled, the execution time could be several times longer. Descriptions of possible values are as follows:
>     - `""`: the default value; indicating that the Regions of the table will not be scattered after table creation.
>     - `TABLE`: indicates that if you set the `PRE_SPLIT_REGIONS` or `SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS` attribute when you create a table, in the scenario of pre-splitting multiple Regions, the Regions of these tables will be scattered according to the granularity of the tables. However, if you do not set the preceding attribute when you create a table, in the scenario of creating a large number of tables rapidly, it will cause the Regions of these tables to be concentrated on a few TiKV nodes, resulting in an uneven distribution of Regions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When the `SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS` and `PRE_SPLIT_REGIONS` parameters are set during table creation, the system automatically splits the table into a specified number of Regions upon successful creation. This variable controls the scattering strategy for these split Regions. TiDB processes the Regions based on the selected scattering strategy. It is important to note that since the table creation operation waits for the scattering process to complete before returning a success status, enabling this variable may significantly increase the execution time of the `CREATE TABLE` statement. Compared to the scenario where this variable is disabled, the execution time could be several times longer. Descriptions of possible values are as follows:
    - `""`: the default value; indicating that the Regions of the table will not be scattered after table creation.
    - `table`: indicates that if you set the `PRE_SPLIT_REGIONS` or `SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS` attribute when you create a table, in the scenario of pre-splitting multiple Regions, the Regions of these tables will be scattered according to the granularity of the tables. However, if you do not set the preceding attribute when you create a table, in the scenario of creating a large number of tables rapidly, it will cause the Regions of these tables to be concentrated on a few TiKV nodes, resulting in an uneven distribution of Regions.
```

>     - `GLOBAL`: indicates that TiDB scatters the Regions of newly created tables according to the data distribution of the entire cluster. Especially when creating a large number of tables rapidly, using the `GLOBAL` option helps prevent Regions from becoming overly concentrated on a few TiKV nodes, ensuring a more balanced distribution of Regions across the cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - `global`: indicates that TiDB scatters the Regions of newly created tables according to the data distribution of the entire cluster. Especially when creating a large number of tables rapidly, using the `global` option helps prevent Regions from becoming overly concentrated on a few TiKV nodes, ensuring a more balanced distribution of Regions across the cluster.
```
